How bad is it? NASA didn't authorize Selvig to test phase. What are the energy levels now? How long to get everyone out? Do better. We should tell them to go back to sleep? I need you to make sure that PHASE 2 prototypes are shipped out. Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on. Clear out the tech below. Every piece of PHASE 2 on a truck and gone. Talk to me, doctor. Is there anything we know for certain? Is that supposed to be funny? How soon until you pull the plug? We've prepared for this, doctor. Harnessing energy from space. That can be harmful. Where's Barton? Agent Barton, report. I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things. Are you seeing anything that might set this thing off? At this end? Sir, please put down the spear! This doesn't have to get any messier. We have no quarrel with your people. You planning to step on us? Free from what? Yeah, you say peace, I kind of think you mean the other thing. Like The Pharaohs of Odin. Hill, do you copy?! Barton is... He's got the Tesseract! Track it down! The Tesseract is with the hostile force. I have men down. Hill? Sound the general call. I want every living soul not working rescue looking for that brief case. Coulson, get back to base. This is a LEVEL SEVEN. As of right now, we are at war. You ever been in a war, Councilman? In a firefight? Did you feel an overabundance of control? Not Asgard. Loki. Our intelligence says, Thor is not a hostile. But he's worlds away, we can't depend on him to help. It's up to us. PHASE 2 isn't ready, our enemy is. We need a response team. This isn't about The Avengers. I'm not leaving anything to anyone. We need a response team. These people maybe isolated, unbalanced even, but I believe with the right push they can be exactly what we need. No, it's won by soldiers. Trouble sleeping? Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world. We've made some mistakes along the way. Some very recently. I am. Trying to save it. Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you. He thought what we think, the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs. He's called Loki. He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know. Ten bucks says you're wrong. There's a debriefing package waiting for you back at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now? Good. Let's vanish. Gentlemen. Doctor, thank you for coming. Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the clear. How many are there? Agent Romanoff, would you show Dr.Banner to his laboratory, please. Captain, you're up. In case it's unclear. You try to escape. You so much as scratch that glass. Thirty thousand feet, straight down in a steel trap. You get how that works?! Boot. Built for something a lot stronger than you. How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control. You talk about peace and you kill `cause it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. Well, you let me know if Real Power wants a magazine or something. Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him. I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys. A lot of guys think that, until the pain stops. I'm asking. What are you prepared to do? Then why do I feel like he's the only person on this boat that wants to be here? What are you doing, Mr. Stark? You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract. Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we're... Because of him. Last year earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned. But you're not the only people out there, are you? And, you're not the only threat. The world's filling up with people who can't be matched, they can't be controlled. You forced our hand. We had to come up with something. Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark? Excuse me, did WE come to YOUR planet and blow stuff up? You need to step away. Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr.Banner back to his... The cell was just in case...Hill?! Coulson! Initiate official lock down in the detention section then get to the armory! Move out! Bring the carrier inwards and head south. Take us to the water. Is the sun coming up?! Then put it on the left! Get us over water! One more turbine goes down and we drop. We need a full evac on the lower hangar bay. Get his attention. They are not getting through here, so what the hell... It's Barton. He took out our systems. He's headed for the detention level. Does anybody copy? Just stay awake. EYES ON ME! Not an option. Agent Coulson is down. They're here. They called it. These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them. We're dead in the air up here. Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor. I got nothing for you. Lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming. Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number though, because I was playing something even riskier. There was an idea, Stark knows this, called THE AVENGERS INITIATIVE. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more. See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes. Well, it's an old fashioned notion. Agent Hill? They needed the push. They found it. Get our communications back up, whatever you have to do. I want eyes on everything. I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid ass decision, I've elected to ignore it. That is the island of Manhattan, Councilman. Until I'm certain my team can't hold it, I will not order a nuclear strike against a civilian population. I send that bird out, we already have. Stark, you hearing me? We have a missile headed straight for the city. Three minutes, at best. Stay low and wipe out the missile. I'm not currently tracking their whereabouts. I'd say they've earned a leave of absence. Oh, I think he will be. They surely are. And the whole world knows it. Every world knows it. A promise. They'll come back. I am. Because we'll need them to.
